302:::Is the disease of Poliomyelitis (polio) under control in the world? 
308:::What are the advantages and/or disadvantages of tooth implants? 
310:::Evidence that radio waves from radio towers or car phones affect brain cancer occurrence. 
313:::Commercial uses of Magnetic Levitation. 
314:::Commercial harvesting of marine vegetation such as  algae, seaweed and kelp for food and drug purposes. 
316:::A look at the roots and prevalence of polygamy  in the world today. 
318:::Aside from the United States, which country offers  the best living conditions and quality of life for  a U.S. retiree? 
321:::Pertinent documents will reflect the fact that women continue to be poorly represented in parliaments  across the world, and the gap in political power between the sexes is very wide, particularly in the Third World. 
324:::Define Argentine and British international relations   
325:::Describe a cult by name and identify the cult members' activities in their everyday life. 
330:::This query is looking for examples of cooperation or friendly ties between Iran and Iraq, or ways in which the two countries could be considered allies.             
334:::Determine the usefulness and effectiveness of  continuing to maintain export controls on  encryption software. 
337:::What research has been done on viral hepatitis  and what progress has been made in its treatment? 
338:::What adverse effects have people experienced while taking  aspirin repeatedly? 
339:::What drugs are being used in the treatment of  Alzheimer's Disease and how successful are they? 
341:::A relevant document would discuss how effective government orders to better scrutinize passengers and luggage on international flights and to step up screening of all carry-on baggage has been. 
344:::The availability of E-mail to many people through their job or school affiliation has allowed for many efficiencies in communications but also has provided the opportunity for abuses.  What steps have been taken world-wide by those  bearing the cost of E-mail to prevent excesses? 
348:::Is the fear of open or public places (Agoraphobia) a widespread disorder or relatively unknown? 
352:::What impact has the Chunnel had on the British economy and/or  the life style of the British? 
353:::Identify systematic explorations and scientific investigations of Antarctica, current or planned. 
359:::Are there reliable and consistent predictors of mutual fund performance? 
361:::Identify documents that discuss clothing sweatshops. 
367:::What modern instances have there been of old fashioned piracy, the boarding or taking control of boats? 
369:::What are the causes and treatments of anorexia nervosa and bulimia? 
373:::Identify documents that discuss the concerns of the United States regarding the export of  encryption equipment. 
377:::Identify documents that discuss the renewed  popularity of cigar smoking. 
381:::What forms of alternative medicine are being used in the treatment of illnesses or diseases and how successful are they? 
385:::Identify documents that discuss the current status of hybrid automobile engines, (i.e., cars fueled by something other than gasoline only). 
388:::Identify documents that discuss the use of organic fertilizers (composted sludge, ash, vegetable waste,  microorganisms, etc.) as soil enhancers. 
391:::Identify documents that discuss the impact of the cost of research and development (R&D) on the price of drugs. 
392:::What are the applications of robotics in the world today? 
401:::What language and cultural differences impede the integration  of foreign minorities in Germany? 
402:::What is happening in the field of behavioral genetics, the study of the relative influence of genetic and environmental factors on an individual's behavior or personality? 
403:::Find information on the effects of the dietary intakes of potassium, magnesium and fruits and vegetables as determinants of bone mineral density in elderly men and women thus preventing osteoporosis (bone decay). 
404:::How often were the peace talks in Ireland delayed or disrupted as a result of acts of violence? 
408:::What tropical storms (hurricanes and typhoons) have caused significant property damage and loss of life? 
414:::How much sugar does Cuba export and which countries import it? 
416:::What is the status of The Three Gorges Project? 
418:::In what ways have quilts been used to generate income? 
419:::What new uses have been developed for old automobile tires as a means of tire recycling? 
420:::How widespread is carbon monoxide poisoning on  a global scale? 
421:::How is the disposal of industrial waste being accomplished by industrial management throughout the world? 
433:::Is there contemporary interest in the Greek philosophy of stoicism? 
434:::What is the state of the economy of Estonia? 
436:::What are the causes of railway accidents throughout the world? 
444:::What are the potential uses for supercritical fluids as an environmental protection measure? 
445:::What other countries besides the United States are considering  or have approved women as clergy persons? 
446:::Where are tourists likely to be subjected to acts of violence causing bodily harm or death? 
447:::What new developments and applications are there for the Stirling engine? 
450:::How significant a figure over the years was the late Jordanian King Hussein in furthering peace in the  Middle East? 